CUBE (#8990)
canonical-web-and-design/ubuntu.com: HACKING.md

{% block content %}
{% endblock %}
```

### Working on CUBE

If you want to work on CUBE you need to add some environment vars into your .env.local.

> You will probably want to connect to the DEV/QA environment, to do so use the URLs pasted bellow together with the appropriate credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will probably want to connect to the DEV/QA environment. To do so, use the URLs below together with the appropriate credentials.
```

```
BADGR_URL=https://api.test.badgr.com
BAGDR_USER=<badgr_user>
BADGR_PASSWORD=<badgr_password>
CUBE_EDX_URL=https://qa.cube.ubuntu.com
CUBE_EDX_CLIENT_ID=<cube_client_id>
CUBE_EDX_CLIENT_SECRET=<cube_client_secret>
```

> In addition load the `cube-qa.yaml` in `webapp/cube/views.py` by changing the the file we load into `CUBE_CONTENT`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, load the `cube-qa.yaml` in `webapp/cube/views.py` by changing the file we load into `CUBE_CONTENT`:
```
